# About me

I'm an innovator more than an inventor, but I really love to innovate. I love finding something in the world that interests me or that I'm involved in, figuring out how it works now, determining what's wrong with how it works, and then finding a better path. Sometimes that gets me in trouble, but it has always made for interesting journeys.

I am now 25+ years into a career as a civil servant. I started off in the study of how environmental contaminants of different kinds, organic and inorganic compounds that harm ecosystems, are making their way into our water and food webs. I meandered my way toward more of an overall focus on all kinds of scientific data and how we leverage them. I've developed some data skills and am currently focused on the geosciences as an overall domain.

I have a lot of interests, though, and am working my way toward some second career options. I have a strong stewardship ethic and try to spend my time not just gratifying my baser instincts but seeking out ways to better manage our natural resources and pursue justice for those we (me and my ancestors) have wronged. We don't own anything, at least not over the sweep of time. Far better to measure life by what we contribute to making the world a better place and bringing light into dark places.

> Note: I still work for the U.S. Government, and I take my role as an ethical civil servant very seriously. I'm careful about what I do in my personal life that might be construed as representing an official position of my organization. What you'll find here and in referenced online writings and other contributions are my own creation and not anything official from my government role. You will at times find me being critical of things I've seen over my career. I speak my mind on those things pretty openly wherever I am as my intent is to find ways to do work in managing the [public trust](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Public_trust_doctrine) in better ways.